fix(csv/rsvp import): Change the string used to grab rsvp imports. (#1223)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Tweak - Attendee registration fields configuration for block editor opens up in modal [123818]
* Tweak - Move IPN settings together in ticket settings tab [122333]
* Tweak - Change attendee registration page shortcode to use ID instead of page slug, add function for backward compatibility [124997]

> * Fix - Change rsvp imports so they give the correct response info [124052]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Change RSVP import identifier in CSV importer so they provide the correct response messages [124052]
```
